README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is enabled on this template. See [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler) for more information.

Note: This will impact Vite dev & build performances.

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

server-less functions implementation for the api route paths and successful fetch at deployment

README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Note about server implementation and migration

This repository originally included a standalone Express server at `server/index.js`.
The project has been migrated to use Vercel serverless functions under the `api/` directory
for deployment. To avoid accidental duplication the original Express server file has been
marked as unused (commented) but kept in the repository for future reference.

- Active serverless handlers: `api/` (e.g. `api/auth/login.js`, `api/quotes/*`)
- Legacy Express entry (kept but commented out): `server/index.js`

If you need to run the original Express server locally or restore it in the future,
uncomment `server/index.js` and ensure `MONGODB_URI` is set in your environment.

Also add `MONGODB_URI` and (optionally) `VITE_API_URL` to your Vercel environment
variables when deploying the serverless functions.
# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is enabled on this template. See [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler) for more information.

Note: This will impact Vite dev & build performances.

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
